Magalie Marcellus: Right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi. Yes. Hi. I didn't realize it was stolen waiting, because I told them. We're supposed to be at six o'clock, and I was waiting for somebody at seven o'clock. It just so happened and I hear you.
N817: I'm sorry, I just got 60 cold last night and I was out of it. I woke up at 630 I was trying to sit here waiting for six and like must been tensile say six of us.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's going on because I know you told me, eight, seven, and eight was a little bit too late for you. That's why are you putting keep the last appointment so is the have is some issue with sleeping so much so much fun allergy.
N817: Issues. I don't get nervous. I hardly ever get
Magalie Marcellus: getting enough sleep.
N817: I hardly ever sleep at night. I stay up until about five to seven in the morning and I don't get no sleep during the day, hardly ever, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Was it always I definitely
N817: Have very hard time sleeping. Most of the time, and some time.
Like today.
N817: I was, I want to just, I took six of my back teeth.
N817: I was
N817: Just groggy all day trying to stay awake, oh six, and I will
N817: Go to hell don't do this again and
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. In those cases, you know, you can reach out to me at least in iOS.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sure you may be difficult with the medical appointment and stuff like that. So stay up
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you doing overall with the treatment.
N817: I've been doing good. Overall, I don't really have no nothing to complain about, you know, like I'm on a good track. I haven't used it for seven months. So, you know, that's a miracle itself.
N817: The only thing
N817: I got going on as you know I
N817: Need to work towards getting the license.
N817: You know, I got no license. So I can't drive got no heat. I got no gas something got no hot water or furnace and I live in Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
N817: I got
N817: I got some issues, but
N817: At least I got a roof over my head so
Magalie Marcellus: So, so what do you do during the day. So any type of work or
Magalie Marcellus: How do you keep yourself occupied
N817: The only thing I can do because, you know, I'm from Florida and I've been here about two years so outsiders, not that
Magalie Marcellus: Much for you.
N817: Yeah now stand side and I got my dog take care of my little dog.
N817: House horse, but I'm waiting for sprint me so I can get out there, meet your primary care doctor, you know, I need to get, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Have you watched since you've been in Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Of your wife sense to mortal
N817: Ohio. Yeah, I just I just lost my job, about six months, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What kind of jobs are you doing
N817: I was a cook at a restaurant across the street from me so
N817: It only took me like three minutes to walk there.
Magalie Marcellus: Happen.
N817: Um, I've got into a fight with the boss, because
N817: I see decided that
N817: It was no longer gonna pay me every Thursday. Now it's going to be every other Thursday.
N817: Payday on Thursday I want my money and he was the only change that now we have now you don't get paid every two
N817: Well, you can't do that to me without warning him and
N817: He got he jumped up and got on my face and thought I was gonna like back down or wrong or something.
Magalie Marcellus: But physical
N817: Is just an argument, nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: I can never fall
So,
N817: That was the end of that show.
Magalie Marcellus: Away, they're
N817: A little over a year.
Magalie Marcellus: So do you. Thank you. Hello, I'm
Magalie Marcellus: At least approach in a different way. So you wouldn't lose the job altogether.
N817: Yeah, I probably could have. I was just because you know he know he knew I live week by week I barely
N817: Know, I only made I was only making like $125 a week. So, you know,
N817: I just lost over
N817: Cuz I was close to the payday. I need my money and he decided that it was time to
N817: Go to every other only pay
Magalie Marcellus: What definitely he should have won the employees it so be prepared. But again, you know, sometimes people make decision and you don't have control over. So then you have to control how you respond to it.
Magalie Marcellus: That's the other piece because you know when I agree with everything that comes up, but he has to be able to respond in a way that is effective. And also, that's not gonna lead you to lose your job.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you know what good does he do with losing a job and even though. Yes. You didn't get paid right away. But if the approach was definitely could still be able to work their
N817: need and want to work in are working
There.
N817: We need to do all the
N817: grunt work.
N817: And then we're hiring new
N817: People that know nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: And
N817: Start doing more money and give them more hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, okay, what
N817: Time's right for
N817: Me, they would cut my hours down more and
Magalie Marcellus: More. I see.
Magalie Marcellus: So you are getting to the point
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah so. So you were having some issues with them prior to
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, without payment. The payables though.
N817: Yeah, how do you expect someone to live off for 12 hours a week on minimum wage.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
N817: Our
Magalie Marcellus: Yet started with 33 hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, oh wow that's a big
N817: River. I was working between 30 to 40
N817: And appeared a couple months they hired new people well
N817: It wasn't even the people's family members.
N817: So they were hiring their family members and then cut my hours more and more and more.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: When you training, those people are the new family member that come along.
N817: Yeah, I would have to train to
Magalie Marcellus: Be challenging
N817: Yeah, I felt like it was just being used in the
N817: Payment thing was the straw that broke the camel's back
Magalie Marcellus: Was that last the last straw for you.
N817: Yeah, last
N817: Summer real calm.
N817: very calm, quiet.
Person.
N817: You pushed me and pushed me and pushed me
N817: The other side comes out.
Magalie Marcellus: Everybody has their limits.
Yeah.
N817: Man.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. And, but the but you say then get to any physical competition. He
N817: Just knows screaming at each other.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And after that. You just walked away or did you leave the premises.
I told
N817: After that, after the way Jesus came and pulled me away from home. I told him I said to steal my money, I'm leaving her and I'm never coming back here to serve you better go back
N817: On account so you better learn no laws of America because the same home area. You can't treat people like that, you know, I was, I was really mad.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
N817: He paid me and I told him, I said, I'm never coming back for here. I said, Don't ever call me.
Magalie Marcellus: For the
Rest.
N817: If you jump off our chair and come right in that me
N817: asked me if I want to go. If I want to go, you know,
N817: I don't need that.
N817: I kind of wish.
N817: Me, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Why
N817: Because he's the owner who's the owner of the restaurant.
N817: On camera. Yeah, I didn't make no hostile move towards him because
He jumped up
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
N817: So it would have been so
N817: crazy guy has over 100 pounds.
Magalie Marcellus: If you can avoid confrontation. The goal is. So why did
N817: You bring it to
N817: Put violence upon me without the
Magalie Marcellus: Why, of course you know you have a right to defend yourself. But as long that you know you're not initiating any kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Violence and also if you can defuse the situation before I get to the point of being violent always that's always the best you know approach.
Magalie Marcellus: Wants to get to the point where everybody's getting aggressive, then who knows what else can happen.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's why sometimes people, you know, it can even become deadly and we don't want to be in a situation where, you know, they really get people. Can we get all hurt even
Magalie Marcellus: See, so this kind of thing you know is best to kind of what it all together. If you can
Magalie Marcellus: But I'm glad that you know
Magalie Marcellus: It didn't get to a point where anybody you get physical with law enforcement has to be in law because there was some kind of assault taking place and things of that nature.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, um, I know you mentioned with the sleep. What else, um, are you having difficulty with any anxiety issue.
N817: Yeah, I've always had an aside,
N817: For the last 10 years at least maybe longer
Magalie Marcellus: I on any meds for that.
N817: The only thing right now the only man I'm getting
N817: A little bit of Raza pain from Doc, Dr. James
Magalie Marcellus: Jemison
N817: As I showed her the Bible's for my psychiatry.
N817: Yeah, I was there.
N817: For years, and I showed her. I said, look, this is why you take provide anxiety. I don't have
N817: To
N817: Go. She gave me like a real low dose, like a quarter or whatever was okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say, eventually, you want to go back to your primary doctor
N817: Yeah, cuz I gotta go. I gotta start with primary doctor
N817: Because really, I should be on disability. You know, I put my head or car windshield and I've been struck by two cars crash five
N817: I got memory loss.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you apply for disability because it's something you want to
N817: Call on those lawyers.
N817: I applied years ago.
N817: And then I caught one of those
N817: Lawyers on TV about two months ago.
N817: After I talked to him. He told me that you know I got, I could probably most likely get it.
Magalie Marcellus: But I got you.
N817: Dr. Paper trail.
Magalie Marcellus: Go. Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, because you have so good monitored, what have a test in a new document what have a medical condition that you might be suffering from
N817: Health hepatitis C to go on top of that.
N817: Have to turn my brain is like in a fog.
Magalie Marcellus: When was the last time you see your primary doctor or primary doctor
N817: Was last time I seen one.
Yeah.
N817: Probably about three years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, who do you live with them in Ohio.
N817: Right now, Stan, what my stepfather.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you all with just stop and how's that going for you.
N817: It's good sometimes most the time, but he writes, he kind of
N817: likes to point out all negative real stuff about everybody, negative, negative, negative, negative stuff, but being negative about everybody in the whole family and just gets to a point where like this stuff up.
N817: All you want to do is bring up Negril sit all the time. I don't want to hear.
N817: And no one wants to hear
Magalie Marcellus: So you feel that has been negative is it towards your. Is it just, this is the way is what everybody
N817: Everybody
Magalie Marcellus: So what do you do when he becomes have stopped being negative over. It was fun today.
Magalie Marcellus: Room. Okay.
N817: I'm going my room. I got my own sanctuary here. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And does that help when you leave.
N817: The room. Oh yes, cuz I can't hear him.
Magalie Marcellus: does he work Boise.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay. So he's on the to
N817: Do you got hepatitis C about 20 years ago so
Magalie Marcellus: Disability check you can or
N817: Is it the same thing to his brain were made it so the brain was picking up all the time.
N817: Like can't concentrate, you know,
N817: And when he told me that was a symptom seems like maybe that's why
Maybe
Magalie Marcellus: were you diagnosed with that.
Magalie Marcellus: were you diagnosed with the hepatitis C. Oh, you just thinking, does that is sometimes you may have to
N817: Know I was diagnosed when I started
N817: I don't know until they
N817: drew my blood for
N817: For us to have blood draw.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh really,
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: We have siblings that lives in Ohio, which is. Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Has a relationship with those segments.
N817: Great. But, you know, they still they haven't disown me, you know, if I go knock on a door, they're gonna let me in on feet me
N817: Give me a ride home.
Look,
Magalie Marcellus: So you guys have some contact, but it's not
Magalie Marcellus: The relationship is not a close relationship mother.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm here.
Magalie Marcellus: Abnormal did they were they in Ohio. Before you move there. Oh, did you guys move all of the most
N817: We all move
Magalie Marcellus: together on the same time.
N817: My mom.
N817: My sister.
N817: All her daughter's my grandnieces my brother Michael we all here together and
Magalie Marcellus: Then everybody
Magalie Marcellus: Moved to different areas. I know you mentioned your mom moved back to
Magalie Marcellus: Back in Florida.
N817: Yeah, he's supposed to be coming back. She just had her eye surgery like
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
N817: After I do the other is supposed to be.
N817: That I've been hearing this for over a year now.
N817: I don't waver
Magalie Marcellus: Come to visit, though.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
N817: Oh, she's been doing is paying your rent.
Magalie Marcellus: Susan's her house on fire today.
Magalie Marcellus: All that stuff is there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, eventually show more mature, guys.
Yeah.
N817: Yeah.
N817: Cuz I've never been away for
N817: 35 years I currently only will two or three by myself.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Magalie Marcellus: So she's always been there with you.
Magalie Marcellus: And your mother and your dad.
N817: No, just stop there trying to kill me when I was about 14
Magalie Marcellus: So high end up staying with them.
N817: It's 20 years later.
Magalie Marcellus: You guys
Magalie Marcellus: Man relationship.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: waterbirds
Magalie Marcellus: It's good that you guys were able to get past that. But I do have any kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Concern with them at someone I know you just, you mentioned that he's disabled but any concern way could be potentially violent at any point
N817: No, I don't think you I think he's too old.
Magalie Marcellus: Physically, we wouldn't be able to do. Do you guys have weapons in the house.
N817: Oh yeah, he has he has several
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Magalie Marcellus: Concerned for your safety one him at all.
N817: Because you never know what someone's thinking no
Magalie Marcellus: You haven't done anything in the recent
Magalie Marcellus: Times all that you felt that he might have. We might have felt Britain.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I know. Danny Ching.
Cuz
N817: He pretty much raised me from diapers. So yeah, that incident was more argument heat of the moment thing.
N817: Is a rebellious 15 year old.
N817: But yeah, that's, I don't worry about. I know he went
Because
I just don't see him being right that no more.
Magalie Marcellus: And a new in, you're not sure when your mom will come back in the picture.
Magalie Marcellus: To get reunited with her.
Magalie Marcellus: So I know you mentioned trying to get your license and all of the other things. So why would be
Magalie Marcellus: What, what would help you to get those goals gone
Magalie Marcellus: Especially with the license. So what do you need to do for the license okay license.
N817: I gotta pay off a bunch of times.
Magalie Marcellus: And this is awful for Ohio.
N817: Are for
Magalie Marcellus: The last time you had your license.
N817: About three years.
N817: Maybe for
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have any open legal cases net right now.
Magalie Marcellus: No.
Magalie Marcellus: So the fuse fees, you need to pay off. So get your driver's license back on.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
N817: So I do is pay them pay and I'll have to take the driver's test the end because it's been it's been
N817: Over a six months for some shit and
Magalie Marcellus: Also why you have to take it.
Magalie Marcellus: It has been suspended for too long.
N817: If it's been suspended or if it's expired for more
Magalie Marcellus: Oh really. Oh, wow.
N817: Fire
N817: Was more than six months and I went down to being the right. Oh, you gotta test and everything over.
Again,
Magalie Marcellus: Next month so the license inspired
Magalie Marcellus: Starting over
N817: Those pretty easy.
Magalie Marcellus: Once you know the laws. The walls for the world and I shamed it too difficult, but some people have a hard time testing. So especially you save some time, you have
Magalie Marcellus: Your memories, a little bit foggy so
Yeah.
N817: People tell me about stuff all the time that happened here couple years ago. I'm like, what
Magalie Marcellus: Matters.
Magalie Marcellus: So I you do you belong to any are you involved with any activity outside of home right now and will you say it's cold. But anything that you participate to give you some kind of social interaction. This has been home.
N817: No, no, no.
N817: No.
N817: No rival on Facebook.
Magalie Marcellus: Doesn't get you outside of the house.
N817: Well, Kate, my dogs outside
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you walk the dog everyday.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep.
N817: Little toy Apple headphones. Our
Magalie Marcellus: Own a small one.
N817: Yeah, they're about three pounds.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are you doing to maintain your sobriety right now. What do you think is helping you decide on
N817: A little bit. She gives me
Magalie Marcellus: Anxiety.
N817: For anxiety.
Magalie Marcellus: Because he said he had
N817: Full blown, you know,
N817: I have one hyperventilation
Magalie Marcellus: Panic attacks.
N817: And try and have you thinking about breathing know and
N817: I know I'm thinking about telling myself debris. I'm going to hyperventilation
N817: And then I'll pass out.
N817: This happened several times.
Magalie Marcellus: When was the last time I experienced that.
N817: A year and a half.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so we're having a panic attack at the time.
Yeah, cuz
N817: I've never
N817: Like I got these big scars on my legs from skin you
N817: Know I got
N817: I can't take my shirt off because you know that bone right in the middle of a man's chest is missing. I was born on it. So my chest sinks.
And
Magalie Marcellus: You are born with that that
N817: One.
That's called a stern
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: So I've had, was it social know or all kinds of stuff. Ever since I was a kid.
Magalie Marcellus: Same things that it was because of their physical appearance all
N817: About our mom cuz
N817: She was a nurse, she got electrocuted. That works.
N817: Oh, now she was happy. She started having seizures.
N817: And
N817: She can never be a nurse again.
N817: Right, just a little tiny bit of stress will trigger her Caesars and
N817: It's not like shapes Wayne and she just like freezes and she can't talk can't move 30 or 40 seconds, a minute later.
N817: So, take a breath, then
Magalie Marcellus: That gives me
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I can imagine being difficult to expand that.
Magalie Marcellus: And see over your mom or dad.
Magalie Marcellus: So he has seizures yourself. Cool.
N817: I've had seizures.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely
N817: I think I had one actually about two or three weeks ago because I was sitting on my bed and next time you know I woke up and my whole by muscles and it dies and my leg hurts so bad. I couldn't stand up.
Magalie Marcellus: And my arm.
You know,
N817: I don't know what the hell happened but
N817: So I must have been a Caesar. That's my muscles working tour and so hurt.
N817: My leg that that's probably why I was so painful when I woke up.
Magalie Marcellus: And what do you do when those things happen.
N817: When they do happen. I can't do nothing, because I don't know it's coming.
N817: And
Magalie Marcellus: You don't feel any typos symptoms to give you so you know something's gonna happen or something's not
Magalie Marcellus: Going right I just said.
N817: No no no symptoms to
N817: Wake up and like my muscles will be real, real hurt.
Magalie Marcellus: China Sea and you got sort of group meeting and which which
Magalie Marcellus: Timeframe you go
Magalie Marcellus: And I still smoking.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plan of quitting.
No.
N817: No.
Future.
Magalie Marcellus: You will see
N817: You at one time.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say, you know, you have an experience in agreement. Were you ever in a situation in the recent past that.
Magalie Marcellus: You feel that you call up but what any cravings, or where you felt that, you know, I need to use
N817: Yeah.
N817: A need us. I was having big Cravens
N817: Right up until she game. I told her that backer about to
N817: You know the
N817: The Suboxone works good for like the withdrawal symptoms, but most people that are using drugs they're
N817: Using them to mask other things. And without it, I know without
N817: I don't know how to explain it to you, but
You know,
N817: I told I needed something to call me down, cuz I felt like I wanted to go get higher, even though I knew I couldn't get had to those flooded with spots, you know, but it was this
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you said things that he was bringing on the screen.
N817: Oh yeah, big time.
Magalie Marcellus: Any of those feelings still going on.
Magalie Marcellus: So what stop you from using when he was born.
N817: With strapped man was
N817: I'm
N817: Taking this box. So every day. Like I'm supposed to, you know, and it's like
N817: I knew if I didn't go out to tie your high won't work. You know, just flushing money down the toilet.
N817: Suboxone blocks all opiates, you should not feel an opiate if you answer that.
Magalie Marcellus: That high
Magalie Marcellus: Know people
N817: Do it at all.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Hi.
N817: We're above her
Magalie Marcellus: Say. Have you done any other support group. Besides the
Magalie Marcellus: Right part
N817: No, no, I haven't.
N817: Kind of walk
Magalie Marcellus: Ask me okay and you
N817: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: How do you guys get around.
N817: Oh,
N817: I gotta walk or trying to get my sister to come pick me up. And that would be that like once a month to take me to the store.
Magalie Marcellus: And how do you get the pharmacy.
I gotta walk
Magalie Marcellus: walking distance
N817: Three and a half miles each way.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, that's a long walk.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know that take you
N817: A little over an hour.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's a while.
Magalie Marcellus: Back or do anything else. Oh, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you disappear from the frame so
N817: Yeah, my mom was called I had to
Magalie Marcellus: Put their head okay reject button.
N817: And only have a camera on the back of this phone says you know what my phone broke couple weeks ago.
N817: Here we're on the back, who have one of the first
Magalie Marcellus: In a battle. So I don't know what you did different
N817: Huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I don't know what you did different because right now. I don't see anything. I just like a black spot.
Magalie Marcellus: That I see on the screen. Okay. My rack. Yeah, so, um, so once you said that is
Magalie Marcellus: Why is it doing
N817: Around the house now.
Magalie Marcellus: And so do do you because I know your home. So do you cook the, what do you do to help with the household. So
N817: We do a little bit cooker.
N817: But when we got
N817: A hot plate no microwave
Magalie Marcellus: Because we'll have to mention
Magalie Marcellus: You guys
Magalie Marcellus: Is there any agency that can help with those kind of things.
Magalie Marcellus: In dimension you have those though. So you have no heat
N817: Ya know, he knows, though.
Know how are
Magalie Marcellus: You guys maintaining that kind of condition.
N817: That's rough
Magalie Marcellus: Again, any
Magalie Marcellus: Social services that can have one does kind of thing. So you guys will give you some assistance.
N817: I
N817: never dealt with before. I don't know where to go.
N817: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. So what's the plan.
N817: The plan. My mother supposed to be coming back, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Supposed to get
N817: Close to move out of this House and build your house in a nice neighborhood.
Magalie Marcellus: When you say this is her house.
N817: She rents us house.
Magalie Marcellus: I went to this one. Okay, gotcha.
Also
Magalie Marcellus: When she moved back
N817: Either she said come up here.
N817: Or she's gonna come up here and get her things and go back
And
Magalie Marcellus: All that is it that you guys. Is it because of financial issues of those things that turn on or is it something with Lenovo addition.
N817: financial issues.
Magalie Marcellus: Our explore this especially you know your staff. Your stepfather is all the person they may have special programs that can assist with the kind of thing.
Magalie Marcellus: So I would at least politician, most states have some kind of 211 program, you know, where they can link you with resources in your local area. So I would start there.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: I do have another appointment at eight o'clock that's getting ready to come up
Magalie Marcellus: I just want to be able to follow up with you.
Magalie Marcellus: This is the way I'd so maybe we can catch you in two weeks, or do you want to meet next week.
N817: Yeah, schedule for two weeks. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: OK, so I'll put you into schedule on Today's Wednesday. So I'm gonna see if I can picture the in two weeks, six o'clock when you say six o'clock was better for you. Correct.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's better. I so I'll put you for that timeframe. But in the meantime, if anything come up. You can check in with virtual clinic, then they can reach out to me. Okay.
N817: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. You take care of yourself. You too. Thank you all.